### Turing machine stoppage problem

For any given computational mechanism, there is no algorithm that can determine if it will stop in a finite amount of time."

### Purpose of Gas

The Ethereum network can run Turing complete programs. This means, in other words, that infinite loops are possible.
When such a smart contract is deployed and invoked, the network itself will go down because everyone will be in an infinite loop to verify the execution results.
Therefore, we put a price on computing resources and force the program to terminate if it uses more than a certain amount of resources. That cost is what gas is.
In other words, gas was incorporated to solve the Turing machine stoppage problem.

### When does Gas occur?

Specifically, the maximum amount of gas that can be consumed per block is set, limiting computing resources.
An operation that requires payment of gas is when you make changes to the Ethereum Network.
For example, when creating an account (e.g. deploying a Contract), transferring money, or storing data. When performing these operations, all Ethereum nodes must perform a calculation for verification, and therefore pay gas as a fee.

### Gas Cost

Gas costs are required for computation, memory use, and storage I/O, and are basically
The order of cost is ComputeMemory Use 　<<　 Storage Read 　<<<　 Storage Write.
The specific costs are hard-coded in the opcode and can be found here (https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/).

Against this background, developers need to write programs that are economically and computationally resource rational.
